README.md, before:

# CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure

An enclosure for the CAN-Distribution-With-Debug and CAN-Distribution-Board-With-Power-v2
PCBs to make mounting easier on FRC robots.

The enclosure for a board is 2 or 3 parts:
- Bottom - Always needed, it goes below the PCB
- Top - Always needed (or Top for Debug), it goes above the PCB 
- Termination Top - Needed only if the termination headers are installed but not used
and the opening is to be blocked

The Bottom and Top are screwed together.

As assembled, the enclosure is as follows:

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Assembly.png?raw=true)

Note: This is with Top (no debug features populated on the board) and the Termination Top
is installed.

## Bottom

A very simple base/bottom of the enclosure.  The bottom requires you to press in 3
heat set inserts.

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Bottom.png?raw=true)

## Top

A very simple top of the enclosure. The termination header window is included. To block it,
use the Termination Top.

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Top.png?raw=true)

## Termination Top

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Termination%20Top.png?raw=true)

## Top for Debug

The same as Top, but with windows for debug hardware (power block and a light pipe to
transmit the LED to the top.

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Top%20for%20Debug.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

updated for low-profile top

README.md, after:

# CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure

An enclosure for the CAN-Distribution-With-Debug and CAN-Distribution-Board-With-Power-v2
PCBs to make mounting easier on FRC robots.

The enclosure for a board is 2 or 3 parts:
- Bottom - Always needed, it goes below the PCB
- Top - Always needed (or Top for Debug), it goes above the PCB 
- Termination Top - Needed only if the termination headers are installed but not used
and the opening is to be blocked

The Bottom and Top are screwed together.

As assembled, the enclosure is as follows:

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Assembly.png?raw=true)

Note: This is with Top (no debug features populated on the board) and the Termination Top
is installed.

## Bottom

A very simple base/bottom of the enclosure.  The bottom requires you to press in 3
heat set inserts.

The bottom uses 3 M2 heat set inserts
- McMaster [94180A307](https://www.mcmaster.com/catalog/94180A307)

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Bottom.png?raw=true)

## Top

A very simple top of the enclosure. The termination header window is included. To block it,
use the Termination Top.

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Top.png?raw=true)


## Low Profile Top (No Termination or Debug windows)

A low-profile (low height) top for the enclosure. It is the preferred version for 2468 in
FRC applications as it should minimize debris/swarf from entering the enclosure.

This top allows the enclosure to be assembled with a 10 mm M2 screw.
- McMaster [92095A104](https://www.mcmaster.com/catalog/92095A104)

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/WithLowProfileTop.png?raw=true)

## Termination Top

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Termination%20Top.png?raw=true)

## Top for Debug

The same as Top, but with windows for debug hardware (power block and a light pipe to
transmit the LED to the top.

![alt text](https://github.com/2468shrm/CAN-Distribution-Board-Enclosure/blob/main/IMAGES/Top%20for%20Debug.png?raw=true)
